Improve instructions for self-hosted Postgres live-sync (#4235)
timescale/docs: _partials/_livesync-terminal.md

- [Install Docker][install-docker] on your sync machine.

>   For a better experience, use at least 4 CPU/16GB EC2 instance to run $LIVESYNC.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  For a better experience, use a 4 CPU/16GB EC2 instance or greater to run $LIVESYNC.
```

</Procedure>

## Specify the tables to synchronize

> After the schema is migrated, you [`CREATE PUBLICATION`][create-publication] on the SOURCE database to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After the schema is migrated, you [`CREATE PUBLICATION`][create-publication] on the source database that
```

> After the schema is migrated, you [`CREATE PUBLICATION`][create-publication] on the SOURCE database to

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After the schema is migrated, you use [`CREATE PUBLICATION`][create-publication] on the SOURCE database to
```

> specify the list of tables which you intend to synchronize.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
specifies the tables to synchronize.
```

> For example:

Reviewer: Remove

<Procedure>

> 1. **Create a publication named `analytics` which publishes `metrics` and `tags` tables**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **Create a publication that specifies the table to synchronize**
```

>    `PUBLICATION` enables you to add all the tables in the schema or even all the tables in the database. However, it

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   A `PUBLICATION` enables you to synchronize some or all the tables in the schema or database. 
```

>    `PUBLICATION` enables you to add all the tables in the schema or even all the tables in the database. However, it

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   You can use `CREATE PUBLICATION` to add all the tables in a schema or all the tables in the database. However, it
```

>    requires superuser privileges on most of the managed PostgreSQL offerings.

Reviewer: Can you move the superuser privileges on the source database to the prerequisites please.

   ```sql

>    CREATE PUBLICATION analytics FOR TABLE metrics, tags;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   CREATE PUBLICATION <publication_name> FOR TABLE <table_name>, <table_name>;
```

   ```

> 1. **Add tables after to an existing publication with a call to [ALTER PUBLICATION][alter-publication]**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    To add tables after to an existing publication, call [ALTER PUBLICATION][alter-publication]**
```

> 1. **Add tables after to an existing publication with a call to [ALTER PUBLICATION][alter-publication]**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. **Add tables to an existing publication with a call to [ALTER PUBLICATION][alter-publication]**
```

   ```sql

>    ALTER PUBLICATION analytics ADD TABLE events;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   ALTER PUBLICATION <publication_name> ADD TABLE <table_name>;
```

   ```

> 1. **Publish PostgreSQL declarative partitioned table**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **Publish the $PG declarative partitioned table**
```

>    To publish declaratively partitioned table changes to your $SERVICE_LONG, set the `publish_via_partition_root`

Reviewer: You don't need this sentence, the code example explains itself.

   special `PUBLICATION` config to `true`:

   ```sql

>    ALTER PUBLICATION analytics SET(publish_via_partition_root=true);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   ALTER PUBLICATION <publication_name> SET(publish_via_partition_root=true);
```

   ```

1. **Stop syncing a table in the `PUBLICATION` with a call to `DROP TABLE`**

   ```sql

>    ALTER PUBLICATION analytics DROP TABLE tags;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   ALTER PUBLICATION <publication_name> DROP TABLE <table_name>;
```

   As you run $LIVESYNC continuously, best practice is to run it as a background process.

   ```shell

>    docker run -d --rm --name livesync timescale/live-sync:v0.1.16 run --publication <publication> --subscription <subscription> --source $SOURCE --target $TARGET

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   docker run -d --rm --name livesync timescale/live-sync:v0.1.16 run --publication <publication_name> --subscription <subscription> --source $SOURCE --target $TARGET
```

   ```

   Make sure to use the same `--publication` name as you created in the previous step. To use multiple publication repeat the `--publication` flag.

   For example, to synchronize both `analytics` and `iot` publications:

   ```shell

>    docker run -d --rm --name livesync timescale/live-sync:v0.1.16 run --publication analytics --publication iot --subscription livesync --source $SOURCE --target $TARGET

Reviewer: Remove

   docker logs -f livesync
   ```

1. **View the progress of tables being synchronized**

   List the tables being synchronized by $LIVESYNC using the `_ts_live_sync.subscription_rel` table in the target $SERVICE_LONG:

   ```bash
   psql $TARGET -c "SELECT * FROM _ts_live_sync.subscription_rel"

> 

Reviewer: ```
      You see something like the following:
      
      If you could turn the table into a markdown table, that would be great.

   - r: table is ready, synching live changes

   `rows_copied` indicates rows copied so far during the initial sync.

   `approximate_rows` indicates the approximate number of rows in the table.

   `bytes_copied` indicates the number of bytes copied so far during the initial sync.

>    `approximate_size` indicates the approximate size of the table in bytes.

Reviewer: I would not bother with these as the table titles are clear enough. Possibly a one liner saying all values are from the start of the sync.

>    To see the replication lag, run the following against the SOURCE database:

Reviewer: Can you check your indenting please.

   ```bash
   psql $SOURCE -c "SELECT slot_name, pg_size_pretty(pg_current_wal_flush_lsn() - confirmed_flush_lsn) AS lag FROM pg_replication_slots WHERE slot_name LIKE 'live_sync_%' AND slot_type = 'logical'"
   ```

> 1. **Add or remove tables from the publication**

Reviewer: I like this, can you do the same for the add and drop tables from the publication earlier to be consistent please.
